 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Welcome to Advanced Lawnmower Simulator!

An entry for the Diverse Developments'
Lame Game Competition!

http://www.diversedev.com/



Instructions...

Your task is to guide Morris the Mower Man
around consecutively harder gardens.

His job is to mow lawns, and nothing will stand
in his way! Especially all the stones that are
scattered around them.

To start a game, press either key '1' or '2'.
This will select one of two mowers, each with
it's own way of controling it.

To complete a lawn, Morris must cut at least
30% of the lawn before parking the mower in the
shed at the bottom of the lawn. Use your wits
to figure out how much you have cut, just as in
real life, there's no counter letting you know
just how much you have cut!

When a lawn has been sucessfully cut, Morris
will move on to a much harder lawn, where more
stones wait, ready to pounce on his hovermower!

See how many lawns YOU can cut before the
going gets too tough!



Keys...

Use your MOUSE to control Morris and his mower:

Left / Right : Turn the mower left/right
Left Button  : Walk forward
Right Button : Turn Mower On/Off

You CAN walk over stones when the mower is OFF,
but if the mower is on, then you will damage
the blade and put Morris out of action!

GOOD LUCK!



Information:

This game is written in Blitz-Basic after 2
days of studying the online manuals.

It is completely open source, rip it, hack it
use the graphics and code, do whatever you
want, call it your own. But please mention me!
I love attention!

Audio       : (C) http://www.thewavplace.com
Graphics/Art: (C) Me and PSP 7
Game Engine : (C) Me
Physics Eng : (C) Me
Intro MIDI  : (C) VRMan (Screensavers)
Game Concept: (C) D. Macdonald (1987)
Font Engine : (C) Ian Duff
Font GFX    : (C) Ian Duff

All the source code is included in the
directory the main EXE is in, and details of
Mr Duff's code and (C) can be found there.


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
